---
layout: page
title: "Privacy Policy"
header-img: "img/privacy-bg.jpg"
exclude: true
---
One for the Road respects your right to privacy and is committed to the protection of your personal information. This policy summarizes what personally identifiable information we may collect, how we might use it and to whom we may disclose it to. This policy also describes other important topics relating to your privacy.

# Information Collection
This website will only collect personally identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through our website.

This website uses Google Analytics (“Analytics”) to help analyze how visitors use this site. Analytics uses “cookies”, which are small text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. Note the deliberate emphasis of anonymous, as no personally identifiable information is collected about you unless you explicitly submit that information on this website.

The anonymous information generated by Analytics’ cookies about your use of this website is transmitted to Google – not me. This information is processed to compile statistical reports on website activity for this site only.  We use these reports to evaluate aggregate visitor usage in order to optimize the content, and its marketing, to better meet your needs.

In summary, your anonymity is safe with us. That is our personal commitment to you as a valued visitor.

# When Personal Information is Submitted
We will not link, or seek to link, any data gathered from this site with any personally identifiable information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information.

All submitted information will remain private and confidential and will not be shared with any third party, ever.

# Further Information
For further information on Google Analytics’ privacy policy, please visit

[www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/](www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

And of course, if you have any questions at all, please don't hesitate to contact us.
